Affinity rules 4.x (#415)
openshift/openshift-origin-design: designs/virtualization/4.x/Scheduling section/affinity/Affinity-4.x.md

![VM-page](img/Affinity-1-0.jpg)

When clicking on the Edit pencil icon, the user will be presented with a drill down page containing all the applied rules for this workload.
Clicking on the 'Add affinity rule' button will open a modal with the 'Add affinity rule' modal.
Selecting 'Edit' from each existing rule kebab menu will replace this modal with the 'Edit affinity rule' modal

A support text below the header will notify the user that: "Rules with ‘Preferred’ condition will stack with an ‘AND’ relation between them. Rules with ‘Required condition will have an ‘OR’ relation between them."

The "learn more about affinity rules" links to: https://kubevirt.io/2020/Advanced-scheduling-with-affinity-rules.html

## Add/Edit affinity rule modal

![VM-page](img/Affinity-2-0.jpg)
The default fields for the following fields are:

- type: Node affinity
- Condition: Preferred
- Weight: 1 (out of 100)
- Expression type: Label
- Operator (between Key and Value): In
There is no need to mention the Default to the user.

![VM-page](img/Affinity-2-1.jpg)
Switching to 'Required during scheduling' option from the Condition field, the Weight field will be excluded.

![VM-page](img/Affinity-2-2.jpg)

> Within the 'Node labels' section, the user can select the nodes/workloads by entering labels or any full string of key:value that appears in the node YAML file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the 'Node selector' section, the user can select the nodes/workloads by entering labels or any full string of key:value that appears in the node YAML file.
```

> Selcting 'Node fields' option from the 'Expression type' dropdown will offer the user the ability to enter any key;value pair, as long as full path is provided to that pair. Full path is not required for labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Selecting the 'YAML field' option from the 'Expression type' dropdown will offer the user the ability to enter any key:value pair, as long as the full path is provided to that pair. The full path is not required for labels.
```

The 'values' field is a multi-value field and will be applied using the white labels. Entering values in the label/expression rows will result in a 'Matching nodes' notification.

When selecting the target node/workload to apply "affinity to", the user can select one of the following Operator options:

- In (any node/workload with the specified key and has one or more of the following values)
- NotIn (any node/workload with the specified key none of the following labels)

> - Exists (ny node/workload with the specified key - Values field is disabled)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Exists (any node/workload with the specified key - Values field is disabled)
```

- DoesNotExist (any node/workload that does not have the specified key - Values field is disabled)

> 'Add expression' button will allow the user to add more conditions to this rule, with an 'AND' relation between these conditions, meaning, all these conditions must be met.

Reviewer: Should we add something to the design to explain this to the user?

Author: I described this in the help text below the 'Node/Workload selector' section title, but it might be easily missed.

How about we add an "AND" label between the rows?
![Affinity-2-2 Copy](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48942365/84029954-e843bd80-a99b-11ea-9b66-3719303ee033.jpg)

Reviewer 2: I think we could explicitly state what you say in the docs here:
```All expressions added must be met by the node that is selected```

Author: "Select nodes/workloads with the following expressions. All expressions added must be met."

![VM-page](img/Affinity-2-3.jpg)
On selecting Workload affinity, the form will align by changing any 'Node' mention to 'Workload'.

> On the opposite side of the 'Add expression' button, a link to texternal Node/Workload list will be provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the opposite side of the 'Add expression' button, a link to 'Explore node/workload list' will be provided.
```
